# livefromsamples
Repo of portions of the code for the app. This is meant to provide samples of code to hiring managers, teams and organizations. I wanted to demonstrate my skills and show examples of what I have been working on for the past year or so, and mostly what I have been focused on for the past 6 months particularly. 
This app is a long-term dream of mine. It combines aspects of what I value most in life and what motivates me. It was the driving force for me in the decision to learn how to code. It has also been a great avenue for learning the ins and outs of full-stack application development, pushing my boundaries on what I thought I understood and expanding my knowledge and skillset (both in regards to coding and related fields like product development, market research and finances). A personal project like this was the most effective way to develop a new skillset while building it on top of my existing skills. It has enhanced my both my conceptual and tangible understanding of what it means to be a developer and the mindset required to contribute positively to a community, an organization and a team. 

Take a look around. Like I said, this repo contains only samples and portions of code. I would like to keep it all under wraps (mostly) for now. At least until I have figured out if I want to follow through and launch. In this repo you will find both front and back end code. I have left out parts that would compromise security, intellectual property or give too much of what I am doing away. That being said, I am looking for a job and would be more than happy to show off what I have built. I am just not making it entirely public at this moment. So, if you are a hiring manager or have taken a look at my resume or portfolio, hit me up. I can give you a walk though and we can talk about it! I just didn't want it to appear as though I have been sitting on my hands and not working fervently to grow my skillset with the goal of joining a great team!

Enjoy!
